I don't care what kind of past you have
All I know is that I'm your husband now
You didn't ask me if I wanted to divorce you
I'll tell you now.
For the soul of the relic?
Hey Nan is my mother
Aunt Song Nan Ge
I heard from Mingzhu that you are married.
I haven't seen you for a long time.
It's my birthday.
You bring your husband and children together for a meal
I am no longer the daughter of the Song family
I'm not going back.
When you did that
Damn is angry
But after all this time, you have a family, too
Let those things go
But we raised you for 20 years anyway
Do you want to die of old age in the future?
that
OK.
Husband, are you free later?
Why don't we go together
Have a seat
I will send Xingxing to the hospital for re-examination in a while.
Please send me the address.
Can we come over after checking?
Okay, Nan
Forget about the divorce
Got it.
It's been 5 years since I left here
I didn't expect to come back one day